Hey guys welcome back to the course.
So in this case study.
We're going to finally reconnect you to our long lost case study the coworking space.
Remember in section 3 or 4 I can't really remember we covered the idea of creating a co-working space
if you're blanked on what that is.
It's a relatively new model or you buy or lease a giant office space and you split it up to a variety
of different customers that need an office for themselves or for their small team.
Coworking spaces are kind of tied to the rise in freelancing and online solo partnership but also have
a lot to do with the ridiculous cost of real estate in San Francisco for instance.
There was a study two years ago I think two or three years ago that concluded that for every employee
you hire and keep in San Francisco you need to pay the equivalent about $30000 a year just to rent the
space needed for that one person.
That adds up quickly and that is how expensive it is out here.
On the flip side though you can rent a private office at a co-working space also in San Francisco for
four or five hundred dollars a month which equates to about $6000 a year.
Way way cheaper.
And they have the amenities like the water with the cucumbers in them $100 a month for the space presumably
$400 a month for the cucumber water anyway.
They're getting more popular so why not do a case study on them.
So with a co-working space what do we have established already.
Well we thought through what tears we were going to charge and how much per We thought about user segmentation
a little bit.
We thought about roughly how much it would cost to lease the space.
And we covered a little bit about predicting vacancy rates and how they might affect our bottom line.
We also gave our first effort at predicting growth and how they would look numerically for our costs.
Okay.
So in the next set of lectures we're going to get even more into depth with this model and start answering
even more questions.
All right guys.
See you later.